Cancer Patients In Particular ..
have to Wait to receive their treatments as oncology medicines require special protocol-based HIO Approvals In which patients’ medical records are submitted through a Long Manual Process of paperwork management and transfer

28 days ..is how long it takes on average for a single case approval (claim) while patients are losing  Time, Patience and Hope


Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life One day however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum decided to leave for the far World.


The Big Oxmox advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia.

aboutus---

We transform Organizations through User Centered Product Strategy, Design and Engineering.


They say sky is the limit but our limit is beyond. Our story began in 2017, Everest Minds was established by a team of innovative Egyptian youth with diverse talents and expertise delivering creative and technology based solutions into the market. 

Our focus was built on being influencers unfolding the complications in people’s lives making it simpler for our clients and the community. We started off with the healthcare sector and was our pivot point which made an exciting impact with our product that served over 100k+ patients all over Egypt.	

history---
Our focus was built on being influential unfolding the complications in people’s lives making it simpler for our clients and the community. We started off with the healthcare sector and was our pivot point which made an exciting impact with our product that served over 100k+ patients all over Egypt.

We helped over 50k Cancer Patients all over Egypt get their medical approval in genuinely 2days instead of months of waiting. Owing to our Business Process Management Engine WeFlow which speeded the whole operational process with a clic

Our focus was built on being influential unfolding the complications in people’s lives making it simpler for our clients and the community. We started off with the healthcare sector and was our pivot point which made an exciting impact with our product that served over 100k+ patients all over Egypt.

We brought lab tests to your door  We created an app with an easy and smooth experience where you can choose your lab and book tests, PCR, Scans right at your footstep. U can also upload your prescription and get an online consultation.
